all right give me one thing a box
another figure this one's actually one
of my three figures Galaga
and yeah it's pretty popular figure it's
like a small company but mainly love you
want everything about GSC's QSC rqc
quality check there's a who's losing an
extra star which personally it doesn't
bug me but some you know clerical
conductors is a big deal I guess because
it doesn't decide exactly accurate to
the enemy listen I'm a virgin
but that's okay but anyways I got this
from my recollection the net from the
cellar
Thanks I actually saw this we're here at
America's well how about the game about
the sign
and one one instead so that's
why
so do you go
as you can see it's Black Rock Shooter
yeah see inside the box is very nice
actually good job on the box and back
see
and yeah so you
it's good open it set it up okay so
today I'm gonna be doing my review on
this figure that I just got Black Rock
Shooter and a maid Bridget from our good
old friends at Good Smile Company now
this figure actually had a lot of
controversy is one that first came out
doesn't focus for whatever reason
anyways when this came on people's doors
arrived on people's doors she arrived
damage mainly her twin ponytails or
other stuff that I don't know but also
they had been missing missing stars so
apparently she's missing a star
somewhere so pretty much a smile company
came in you know these stickers to play
set so a lot of people questioned this
phone company's call it from then on
then again these issues are not that
much of a problem for me personally I
don't really care
thunderpig with you but anyways let's
get on to the review okay as you can see
she's not too big she's lungs monitor I
thought we're just fine no problem
Abigail and someone Simon Facebook I'll
be obey so she stands on this base which
is amazing in my opinion it's probably
one of my favorite parts of the figure
itself and unfortunate mine came broken
this piece right here was actually
detached from the base actually posed to
be connected to the base but
unfortunately arrived will be probably
from shipping I'm pretty sure was in the
south wall because he or she had great
feedback and I couldn't really turn it
really because I bought it off my
favorite collection not really a million
either side like a V or Amazon or
something like that anyways just went
out I bought some super glue no problem
low dad and it's perfect now no problem
so that's fixed to know overall she's an
excellent bigger and I'm watching a lot
of people we looked at because of the
whole ish
controversy but overall she's still
really nice figure if nothing it's all
around and yeah so let's see let's get
into detail how everything looks like so
you see the base has a lot of details on
a excellent painting you see all the
damaged details and all that stuff and G
this one calmly did a really great job
on the base itself so much details put
into the base see all like the battle
marks and painting excellent quality
overall and I really love the base under
this really guys they put the effort and
time into the base instead of you know
using a plain base or something like
that don't anyone unfortunate thing but
it's kind of unbalanced if you see a
wall over here
that's a bigger of issue when just
leaving her standing but that's just
something to keep in mind and each of
these chains are actually all separate
pieces and they were quite a pain in the
ass to connect to the base and this
figure that takes a lot assembly
actually surprisingly need to put her
Canyon on all her chains and everything
on and yeah it took me roughly 40
minutes surprisely just to get her
standing and some move so that Rock
Shooter stands on one peg right here
it's actually a metal peg and she's
quite balanced despite the whole dynamic
pose Black Rock Shooter herself has lots
of detail and do you see GSC did an
excellent job on her overall let's
hopefully on that girl
I hope it does it's kind of bare right
now that's trying to refocus okay there
we go
I'd set it up anyways so gee I mean a
back Rock Shooter so excellently to all
around really no pain problems no more
lines most of all online that I see and
yeah overall her sculpture is excellent
in my opinion if you take a look around
yep
great break detail around amazing work
on GSC sport Anders her I was a sailor
skirt I meant her cape left she a glossy
finish so see behind her great detail
over Allen really lucky this figure Oh
with your 62 whoops
and there goes one of the chains that
came off that's one of the small
problems no problems go back on me we
connected second
and there you go I succeeded detailing
her Canyon it's amazing it's actually
has like a I ever get focused one and
zoom out over them
Oh while we wait for it to focus again
depending on the canyon is actually
really nice it actually gives like that
back there looks like real metal kinda
has like a rough feel to it which is
really awesome and yeah it's actually
quite great so again excellent job on
GSC spot apart so anyway this is really
much looking much a little bit there's
really nothing much there's really not
much else to say she's a great finger
overall maybe to look past all the
issues with the star and both the twin
ponytail is really everyone's and
everyone's different you know now your
own has alright damage and you buy from
third-party sellers and when I grab that
issues but anyways if you look past the
star problem then I would say get this
figure shows opposed with a separate
okay here song not here it's not I mean
so doesn't come with the plane it's
bigger the same thing you know Casey
pauperize
well as I decided to go with the flings
anyways if you like black rupture then a
big fan of the series I would definitely
recommend it for sure she's probably one
of the best ones out there in my opinion
girl also has like different versions of
her
not an immersion but I definitely
recommend this figure before any
theoretical resulted so anyway that's my
review and thoughts on this figure what
we call post comments down below and I'm
done yesterday
see you guys